The 10 billion order we agreed on before
Is it time to sign?
heard
You bought Xia Meng's stock at a low price
Mr. Su, we spent a whole 200 million
Already a lot
This summer dream is an idle person
No contribution to the company
He left the company
We will only develop better
That's right, Xia Meng, what about this woman?
There is a big problem with character
I heard
He just got divorced recently
I found a little white face, married for the second time, and already living together
Pardon me?
How did my uncle know I was married?
Xia Qing must have told me
It shouldn't be.
Xia Meng is not a frivolous girl
President Su, this matter is countless
Xia Meng and that little white face live opposite my house
That's a pity too.
Mr. Su, the 10 billion order we agreed on
Why don't you sign it now?
OK
You mean that order?
I'm not going to give it to the Xia Group anymore.
Mr. Su, are you kidding me?
This tens of billions of orders will not be given to us by Xia Group.
Who else can I give it to?
For Xia Meng Xia Meng
For Xia Meng
Mr. Su Xia Meng, he is a woman with bad character
Why does he have tens of billions of orders?
For saving my life
Xia Meng, this girl not only saved my life
He also feels like me
I don't care what happens to other people.
This tens of billions of orders is a thank you gift to him.